the Yale soccer team announces it has a
new player a young man who is going to
make every other player on the team
better by allowing them to help him
welcome Logan Klein a 10 year old from
East Haven a nice welcome for the newest
Bulldog even gets a warm reception from
the Bulldog handsome Dan at the news
conference where Logan officially
becomes a bulldog the team pulling out
all the stops for the young Star Wars
fan
that's Alec Willis dressed as Star Wars
character Chewbacca so why all the fuss
well Logan comes to yell from Team
impact an organization teaming children
with life-threatening or chronic
illnesses with a college sports team
take take some things from you learn
from you and hopefully maybe you can
learn from us as well Logan has several
ailments including a rare syndrome which
makes it sometimes impossible for him to
break down food just trying can result
in violent reactions since he was two
months old severe stomach pains on a
nightly basis on a daily basis
projectile vomiting rashes on his body
frequent hospital visits scopes
something the kids shouldn't go through
every as much as he has Logan has spent
too much of his young life in hospitals
his disease robbing him of a chance to
live what some people would call a
typical childhood his illness keeping
him from playing sports I really was
never part of a team I used to play
sports but that's all but this I feel
like I'm at home for so long the only
team Logan is known as his team of
doctors but now he has this new team he
could be with the guys at their
practices and on the sidelines during
games was amazing it's just amazing for
him to be part of something he used to
play sports can't play sports anymore
because of the disease process and for
him
be welcomed into this family this
wonderful team of gentlemen to make him
feel at home to make us feel at home
it's just amazing it's the boost he
needs right now watching the video
earlier about what Logan's had to go
through and to see how he's just battled
through that and maintained such a
positive outlook on life is it's really
incredible and inspiring for all of us
to see that what the Bulldogs might not
realize is the impact this has on
Logan's family as well they say they can
use the support you know it's hard being
out there in the rear diseased family
you kind of get isolated from you know
friends family because they don't
understand the process you know he looks
great
but you know they're not there to see
the daily process he's gonna be an
inspiration to us like I said earlier I
mean every every every top team needs a
secret weapon and Logan's gonna be our
secret weapon surprisingly it's not
about sport and not about a particular
sport but it's really about the power of
team merry Welker is with team impact
and says she is always moved by scenes
like this knowing the profound and
lasting impact it has on everyone
involved so it's about giving kids who
because of their illness spent a lot of
time in hospitals and medical doctors
appointments and treatments they lose
the opportunity to have a team and if
you have ever been part of a team you
know what it's like to have people
who've got your back when things are
tough and can help you fight through
Logan left this news conference after
meeting all his new teammates so excited
he could hardly wait for the fall in
fact he and his parents went straight to
the store to get him a cell phone so he
could keep in constant touch with his
new pals
the garage